


Stealth Software Technologies Software Engineer.txt - Build Automatio.txt  n - Royal Jackson applied on Indeed
Software Engineer - Build Automation - Royal Jackson applied on Indeed


Reminder: You have a message awaiting a response
Dear Royal,

Thank you for your interest in Stealth Software Technologies! As the next step, we would 
like you to respond to the following:

Related Experience or Interest.
Our passion is in producing novel cryptographic protocols and solutions and applying them to 
distributed, interactive environments. Please describe what you are looking for in your job 
search, and how you think Stealth Software Technologies can help you achieve those goals. 
Be as specific as possible, highlighting projects that really sparked your interest, or specific 
career goals for which you think Stealth provides a unique opportunity.

Build Automation Samples and Experience.
Please provide information on any of the following items that are relevant: community activity, 
personal GitHub accounts, pet projects, open-source contributions, etc. that you have been 
interested in and would like to showcase. If you have worked on proprietary or private projects, 
share relevant insights with us that you are permitted to share.

Challenge Problem.
Please consider the following problem and provide your solution:

Write a Bash script to add #include <openssl/bn.h> to all .c and .h files that 
contain #include <openssl/rsa.h> in a Git repository. 
Use any commonly available utilities you like. 
Briefly explain any interesting corner cases and why 
your script does or does not handle them.

Please send your response to: careers@stealthsoftwareinc.com

We look forward to hearing from you!

- Stealth Team

 
Please choose an option below
Respond by replying directly to this email
I replied in a different way
This message doesn't require a response
No longer interested? Close your application for this job.

SearchOn:
What are .H files?
An H file is a header file referenced by a C, C++ or Objective-C source code document.
It may contain variables, constants, and functions that are used by other files within a 
programming project. H files allow commonly used functions to be written only once and 
referenced by other source files when needed.

What are .H files?
An H file is a header file referenced by a C, C++ or Objective-C source code document. 
It may contain variables, constants, and functions that are used by other files within a 
programming project. H files allow commonly used functions to be written only once and 
referenced by other source files when needed.








 
 
 